So after the tank removal went through cleanly, we were now anxious to close and move in. Title paperwork was still mysteriously delayed and we were given a raft of completely BS excuses as to why a real estate deal that was originally supposed to close end of May still didn't have title paperwork at the end of July. These included generic "because COVID don't ask how or why those are the rules" and "my dog ate it".

Because at this time the vaccine had been widely taken in the US, but the delta variant was not yet a concern, folks were burning off their cabin fever with tons of travel, which meant airbnb vacancy rates were really low. There's not that many to begin with in the area, and for this week we booked one in the town just east of Malone: Chateaugay.

This was a new listing with no reviews and we were the first guests. If you are now guessing it did not go well pat yourself on the back because you are correct.

The address they had in their airbnb listing was purposely off by a few so we were confused as we pulled up. We didn't have great cell reception but the host had texted us the actual true address out-of-band. Chatting him up outside the place he inquired if we were vaccinated and then commented in an almost boasting tone "I'm not". Complete jackass.

The place was 100% furnished and outfitted with a single hasty thrift store run and full of utterly random assorted crap. None of the electrical outlets were grounded, but our brilliant host solved that by snipping the ground pins off his surge protectors. The kitchen table was not attached to its base, the kitchen chairs were half busted and looked like they were originally for a dentist waiting room in the 1960s. The bed squeaked and shifted around in a very loose bed frame. There was no microwave and no working electric outlet in the kitchen for a kettle. Stella was too scared to use the electric oven.

But they had working wifi and a separate bedroom furnished as an office and we didn't really have any viable alternatives so we stayed there a few nights.

The paperwork for my cash out refinance was due that Friday and on Wednesday someone from the loaning bank called me to try to arrange a place I could meet a local notary public to sign the paperwork. From what I gathered, they put requests out on an app and wait for notaries to pick up the job. It's kind of like Lyft but for notaries. She couldn't find anyone near Malone to pick up the job, so she moved it to Plattsburg. Still nothing. So I told her to move it to Poughkeepsie and made hasty arrangements to stay with Chris and Liz.

As soon as we got the OK from Liz that we could come visit them, we fully packed up the Chateaugay airbnb and headed down I-87 for the 3.5 hour drive to Poughkeepsie on Wednesday evening. I worked from Chris's office on Thursday and enjoyed visiting the nearby deli for legit breakfast sandwiches. The proprietor noticed me hovering around the coffee fixing station perplexed: "Looking for cream, hun? It's in the walk-in on the shelf on the right." So I just went into this deli's walk-in fridge unsupervised to put cream into my coffee. Love it.

So Friday morning at 8:00AM sharp the notary arrived at Chris's house with a thick stack of documents and a scanner and we went through the mortgage closing paperwork, which was extensive. It's kind of funny because the paperwork for me to actually close the property purchase was like 3 small documents. They had me fill out the wire transfer instructions for the cash out refi with a handwritten form. So I had to nervously copy long bank routing numbers, account numbers, and weirdly informal instructions like "P.S. none of these accounts actually belong to Peter Lyons, but its for his benefit so just like earmark it for him and not some other rando, OK?". Of course later that morning I get a call that there's a problem with the wire instructions and I'm so furious with them for making me hand write that. But anyway, I now give them the instructions verbally over the phone which is also unnerving and they are able to complete the wire. Of course when the notary was there she checked my ID but hours later on this phone call there's no verification of anything.

But anyway now we had some cash on hand to get the business started and fund the renovations, which was a huge relief. It was my second time through the application process because round 1 was delayed so many times as the property purchase closing kept being delayed that eventually the lender just bailed entirely.

While visiting we did a nice walk across the Walkway Over the Hudson and I also biked a loop across the river one day.
